1334978410
AddAdminToUser	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/db/migrate/20120315040347_add_admin_to_user.rb	class AddAdminToUser 
Course	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/models/course.rb	class Course 
CoursesController	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/courses_controller.rb	class CoursesController 
Notifications	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/mailers/notifications.rb	class Notifications 
NotificationsTest	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/test/functional/notifications_test.rb	class NotificationsTest 
RegistrationsController	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	class RegistrationsController 
User	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/models/user.rb	class User 
abbrev	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/models/course.rb	  def abbrev
change	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/db/migrate/20120315040347_add_admin_to_user.rb	  def change
create	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/courses_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/courses_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/courses_controller.rb	  def edit
full_name	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/models/course.rb	  def full_name
full_name	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/models/user.rb	  def full_name
index	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/courses_controller.rb	  def index
new	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/courses_controller.rb	  def new
new_registration	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/mailers/notifications.rb	  def new_registration(registration)
registrations	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	  def registrations
show	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/courses_controller.rb	  def show
update	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/Max/Documents/Classes/CIS 196/Code/PennStudyScheduler/app/controllers/courses_controller.rb	  def update
